right day badge first thing you want to
heat it up you won't hate the bad job
like just a hair draw anything work
except about a minute
should should be worn off fishing on
sand a fishing line well I kind of saw
it huh
are you flossing on one breaks to get
another piece
should be easy but I shall hate them all
yes
sort
this appreciate your the badge off but
you get this like see
in point yeah they're good yeah this we
go the sticky residue you can pretty
much peel it off with your fingers
should come off we could use a razor but
I probably wouldn't it's pretty pretty
dangerous but yeah so yeah it to that
stage peel that off me yeah like I'm you
see like an outline where you bad jaws
and you want to get that off first thing
you do for you wd-40 is that now just
like it'll just cut down glue that's
just yeah should get you can use like
grease and bug remover I think that's
another good one but most of that and
that take much the glue off not for that
you still have a bit of a given outline
best thing for that cotton polish number
two is that it's just like a it's it's
not as strong as a polish but it'll take
a small layer off just soon as clean
surface not really nice
it's just buff bit of that in
finish up in the market fireball yeah
nice / up you can't even tell the
Badgers there
Sadie batch you just repeat the same
steps hairdryer
fishing line peel off the gunk then take
the gunk off the paint
Thanks